The Hidden language of Computer Hardware and Software
Code
Charles Petzold
"[A]gem that will appeal to anyone who wants to understand Computer technology at its essence."
"You can tell writing CODE was a labor og love for Petzold --- and reading it is,too."

What do flashlights, the british invasion, black cats, and seesaws have to do with computers?
In CODE, they show us the ingenious ways we manipulate language and invent new means of communicating
with each other. And through CODE, we see how this ingenuity and ur very human compulsion to communicate 
have driven the technological innovations of the past two centuries.
Using everyday objects and familiar language systems such as Braille and Morse code, auther Charles 
Petzold weaves an illuminating narrative for anyone who's ever wondered about the secrect inner life of 
computers and other smart machines.
It's a cleverly illustrated and eminently comprehensible story --- and along the way, you'll discover 
you've gained a real context for understanding today's world of PCs, digital media, and the Internet.
No Matter what your level of technical savvy,CODE will charm you ---and perhaps even awaken the
technophile within.

Perface to the Paperback Edition
Code rattled around in my head for about a decade before I started writing it. As I was contemplating Code
and then writing it,and even after the book was published, people would ask me,"What's the book about?"
I was always reluctant to answer this question.I'd mumble something about "a unique journey through the
evolution of the digital technologies that define the modern age" and hope that would be sufficient.
  But finally I had to admit it: "Code is a book about how computers work."
  As I feared,the reactions weren't favorable."Oh,I have a book like that," some people would say,to
which my immediate response was,"No,no,no,you don't have a book like this one."I stil think that's true/
Code is not like other how-computers-work books.It doesn't have a big color illustrations of disk drivers
with arrows showing how the data sweeps into the computer.
Code has no drawings of trains carrying a cargo of zeros and ones.Metaphors and similes are wonderful literary devices but they do nothing but obscure the beauty of techinology.
  The other comment I heard was,"People don't want to know how computers work." And this I'm sure is true.T personally happen to enjoy learning how things work.But I also like to choose which things I learn about
 and  which I do not. I'd be hard pressed to explain how my refrigerator works,for example.
  Yet I often hear people ask questions that reveal a need to know somethinf about the inner workings of personal computers.One such common question is,"What's the difference between storage and memory?"
  That's certainly a critical question.
